Good morning, folks, we're here in a
guava orchard of the city of pirangi in the
interior of the state of são paulo
we will present a result of a
work being done there
about a year already and guava
I've made a guava plantation to
variety calls pedro knows is a plant
which is approximately 15 years
age is already an area already in production
Quite the work we are doing.
developing here approximately one
year of work is already the product that the
people are showing it is what walked or
which is neither a new product of the family
of products of the ballagro directed to
overcoming problems in areas with
nematodes as we know gobybal
the plant quite susceptible to attack
of nematodes
where the nematode usually has
guava demands a lot of vigor suffer a lot
with this kind of problem
infestation with nematodes and the
that as the production of guava is
constant the guava race is
constant
Do you have a very serious problem to use?
and you have residue in the
fruit is a challenge for the producer
keep your polar fruit producing the
healthy plants without using any
product to favor the plant
in our case for everything it calls who does not
nor here I'm going to start with an area
witness is flying to road people
standard developed is an area that follows
in production
you can see under the trees
the application the handling ends with 15 per
having a little leaf is quite an effect
of the attack of nematode and guava
it is the lack of the flamento the plant stands for
few leaves
this greatly favors the growth of
I usually kill you then you see that even
with the control
you have a weed infestation
under the canopy of trees enough
in areas with nematode because
you have a weaker foundation
This is a very serious problem too.
here what has gone, nor is it applied to
soil okay this is an important detail
it is applied to the ground via verte verte
via drip that has a mix of people
which makes application as here a plot
where we did a test evaluation
the work was still done on the basis of
but we are already leaving in this
I work in areas where the
application via ferti-irrigation via
people are referring here to
People still witness everything is here.
testimony we will be opening the
area with our treatment that was the
treatment that gave the best result in the
case of the guava that will be right there in the
in front of us are walking here
arriving in the area still see only the
difference we have come in a
witness area and arrived here at
first plant of the lake treatment with
product that goes well
if you look closely it 's a plant
much larger than the formation of cup
much greater much more stringent
you have a sheet tint too
much stronger
all this this part of vegetative rigor
nor much of what is provided by
who does not read
he works both solo level creating
a resistance to infestation of
button while giving the effect of matos
tactic you reduce activity
this effect still has an activator
small law gives all this activity
leaf development
vegetative and productive vigor
okay so this here is a tree that
received this from here a portion that
received the product if we can
probably observe in video that
will also be appearing for you
the crown feature is very good
close to the one we had and the level
of infestation I have of grass
under the plant below the
cup is much smaller
Can you see that you had a
shaded the problems with weed
under the canopy are much smaller
this is another fact that we associate
and the producer here in the region also
associates the intention to kill size as
nematode
no yara folhar gets more light in the glass
there's more weed under the water
It's not all very well leafed here.
light entrance is reduced little bush
underwater
it's a benefit plan it eases a lot
the day to day of the producer
this area here it has already gone into production
has already been made productive analysis of her
we had a pretty big win
also significant in production not only
glass of information because it is no use just
We can, the leaf has to give.
productivity in this case here the gain of
productivity was also very good
they are jobs we will be working on
making the producer of
guava
as we have been developing the
work today here we are already
coming out of this plot showed
area where the commercial work is done
the product is already a commercial product here
in Brazil and here is the case of producers
of pirangi is no longer a product of
for evaluation is already something of the day to day of the
with the growth of areas
treated is that one more product
technology word but the result
field and stored here in the
movie recorded in this movie to be
shared with everyone
regions where the producer also has
the nematode challenge production profit
of the guava talon thank you very much